OSDOCS-18044 Day 2 throughput configuration (#105492)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/machine-feature-aws-throughput-capi.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * machine_management/cluster_api_machine_management/cluster_api_provider_configurations/cluster-api-config-options-aws.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="machine-feature-aws-throughput-capi_{context}"]
= Configuring storage throughput for gp3 drives

[role="_abstract"]

> You can configure the throughput of gp3 drives when configuring an {aws-short} compute machine set template. Increasing the throughput can improve performance for high traffic services.

Reviewer: I think you can leave the how-to out of the shortdesc since the snippet handles it. Could say smth about root and nonroot up here though too I think, e.g.
```suggestion
You can improve performance for high traffic services by increasing the throughput of gp3 storage volumes in an {aws-short} cluster. You can configure the storage throughput for root volumes, non root volumes, or both.
```

Reviewer 2: Not sure if we should change `root volumes` to `root volume` because you can only configure one root volume, but more than one non root volumes.

include::snippets/apply-machine-configuration-method.adoc[tag=method-machine-template]

.Prerequisites

* You use gp3 storage volume(s).

.Procedure

> * On the machine set template in which you want to configure throughput, add the `throughput` parameter:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps we could change `machine set template` to `machine template`, since that's what we usually call it.

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta2
kind: AWSMachineTemplate
# ...
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      nonRootVolumes:
      - deviceName: /dev/sdf
        encrypted: true
        iops: 4000
        size: 100
        throughput: <throughput_value>
        type: gp3
      rootVolume:
        encrypted: true
        iops: 4000
        size: 120
        throughput: <throughput_value>

>         type: gp3

Author: Good idea, I've reduced the sample to just the throughput parameter. Thanks
